hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be sharing with you a very nostalgic
University vlog so I actually ended up
filming the last few days at university
that I spent not knowing that these
would be my last few days at university
and its really strange watching these
clips back but I thought that I'd share
them with you because I know that I'm
enjoying looking back at old University
vlogs that people posted because it
returns our sense of normality so I'm
hoping that you are going to enjoy
watching this video this was in the last
week when I was working on essays mainly
so that morning I went to the library
and I was reading this book the
Victorian novel which was for my the
novel assessment that was coming up so I
read so many books in preparation for
this essay and this was just one of them
but I'd like to read them front to back
I won't read all of the pages really
in-depth I might skim some of them if
they're less relevant but it just means
I don't miss anything important and also
it is very interesting
I miss library so much I'm just gonna
say it
[Music]
after that I got out my laptop I just
typed up some notes from that library
book also just so you know I do
underline things in pencil when I'm
reading library books but I always go
through and rub it out afterwards
because it really annoys me with
annotations about things and I write
really like this you can see it don't
worry one of the things I was mentioning
in this essay was Australia and
perceptions of Australia from London
because Charles Dickens was fascinated
by Australia and in his newspaper
publication actually he affected many of
the public perceptions of Australia as
this utopian place worth which is very
much removed from real life struggles
and real life in London I read a few
books about this but I wanted to find
some primary sources evidence this so I
went on The Times archives I look to mid
19th century articles just searching for
Australia and I went through and read
some of these I love looking through old
archives it's one of my favorite things
to do when researching I also went and
got this book Arcadia in Australia which
was again really useful for this essay
this was my list of resources I wanted
to read so when I read them I just put
them in green so that I knew what I'd
already done here I was just probably
going through some more of those essays
on there because most of them were
digital I much prefer using hard books
when I can I just think it's more
pleasant
[Music]
okay I'm sorry if you're just not
updating you it's now like three o'clock
and I have just finished my main plan
for that first assessment so I'm gonna
put that to one side for a little bit
and get started on my second assessment
which I put you in a few weeks and this
one you had to choose any poem ever and
write about it so I think I know which
firm I'm gonna do I'm like narrowed it
down to two or three now and say I'm
gonna choose that and then annotate that
poem and basically had a first draft
written up also I finally got round to
getting a vitamin D supplement I have
been meaning to do this pretty much
since I went vegan so there is a huge
gap here I don't know what happened to
the other clips
maybe I just forgot to blood but I went
through this manuscript printout of the
Emily Dickinson poem I was going to be
writing about for my assessment for the
poem and I annotated and analyzed the
print version and then also the
manuscript version because my yes I
wanted to consider how the meaning of
the poem changed depending on which one
you read okay I'm working on this in
6:30 my camera ran out of chard so you
didn't see all of it it's now 9:00 and
I've just finished the first or after
this essay I can't even tell you how
happy I am to have done this it's always
such relief to just have it done on some
level and be able to go through and edit
instead because that's not easier to do
I got myself a snack this is actually my
second ball I had a bowl and then I
realized I was already hungry say
pre-election wall I don't usually like
to eat this late but I just don't think
my dinner was big enough I definitely
don't want to be getting to bed hungry
so I got myself some frozen raspberries
and yogurt I'm gonna write just food
chopping less because I didn't think I
have enough in at the moment
so next day back in the library at
voiceover me are still missing libraries
I got out some more books to read so
here I think I had about three and I
just again read these front back
skimming certain passages if they
weren't as relevant
you
[Music]
it's actually such a nice easy it feels
like summer not even spring I left the
library and now I'm walking after axe to
college because they've got this
conference on all about stabbing
environmentalism there's someone from my
school there so I'm gonna go and say hi
how pretty
maybe that wall is the prison okay I
just went food shopping and I meant to
film in that but I didn't so I'm sorry
about that
I'm gonna give you a few I got some corn
flakes cauliflower this is the best
peanut or almond butter ever vanilla
yogurt I got the vanilla because it was
on sale then I ended up getting my
onions and plastic because they didn't
have any onions with one two plastic
laughs three potatoes this size of dried
fruit Keely and I'm Carter Lloyd's
bananas Hey and a red pepper first I got
some more holders crunchy peanut butter
which is like peanut butter of choice
and look and I literally just run out
then I got some frozen peas
libras and sometimes my nice little food
camera is shaking so much I'm shaking
late I am gonna eat I am going TV
reading these two books now I'm gonna
stop fighting so I'm going to be reading
this book Emily Dickinson's home and
this is basically just an idle moment of
her life and that's it
so I read through this Bingham book this
was actually probably my favorite books
that I read in preparation for my
Dickinson essay I thought it was really
really interesting it gave a really
great comprehensive biography of
Dickinson's life and also excerpts from
letters that she wrote but also letters
that her family Rhodes
[Music]
okay I just finished reading the first
book I wanted to read this one is Emily
Dickinson's home by Bingham and
basically she was the one to go through
and date Emily Dickinson's letters so
from an editorial point of view this is
really interesting it wasn't that useful
for my purposes but it was also a really
good read so maybe I wasted some time on
that one in terms of like essay prep but
I really enjoyed it I thought it was
really good and I would recommend this
one if you are in Dickinson fan now
we're going to do some research on
Congregationalism I've only just
realized how this is supposed to
function how clever is this so you can
separate it into tabs all of your
different to-do lists and then they just
fold out like this and in the space of
like a minute this has become my
favorite poster ThinkPad then I just
went and updated my calendar
[Music]
and I read through some more resources I
know I did a lot of reading in
preparation for his essays but during
this time my university was on strike
and so I had a lot more extra time
didn't have lectures and I had more time
to actually focus on dedicating to this
essay
so I want to take you to bed and wake up
early but I am loving doing this work so
much I just don't want to but I think I
should
it's like quarter past 9:00 I wanted to
wake up early at 6:00
but I might not have the same like
creativity in love for what I'm doing in
the morning at the moment I'm looking at
the archives the Emily Dickinson is a
great
there is no criticism anywhere I found
one essay that mentioned it which is
actually quite fun because it means that
I've been able to I've been like drawing
on elements of Dickinson criticism to
write an essay which is maybe slightly
more original I know that originality
isn't that important for a first-year
essay but it's good practice I guess and
I wanted to do something work with an
archive of some sort because this is the
lecture who took us down to the archives
and emphasized the importance of that so
I just wanted to kind of apply the
things I'd learn in those seminars and
integrate it slightly into my analysis
of the poem anyone who likes Dickinson
you have to look at the archive so here
I was just looking at some more Emily
Dickinson archives
oh my god it sounds a new ones pretty
transcripted that was something written
on the back of the manuscript and it was
upside down so I turned my computer I
laid out and tried to make it out
Dickinson's writing is notoriously
difficult to read
[Music]
so here I was just writing my first
draft of the essay okay it's five past
ten and I'm game to go to bed now I am
glad I kept on working because I've
revised my faster off as in pretty much
scrap my first draft because I realized
it wasn't what I wanted to talk about
for that poem so I'm really glad I did
that because I'm so much happier with my
new plans say I'm going to bed and I
will probably continue this video in the
morning so today it is Friday and as you
can see how I'm wearing my cat collar
shirt which is really kind of ruffled
underneath this sweatshirt that I'm so
cold
that I need to be wearing this actually
do you have one similar today because
one of my lecturers isn't striking and
so I'm leaving for that in two hours and
at the moment I'm working on my poetry
essay so basically all I want to do
before I leave is read this book
Dickinson and the religious imagination
and a film a video and that's it and
then I go to my seminar and then after
that I don't go to the library and read
this book which I still haven't finished
I've been reading this for a couple days
now and they're only this far so I want
to finish this in the library okay hi
sorry future me is just jumping in to
round off this video because there is
not a closing clip to this I really hope
that you enjoyed watching this old
university vlog I know it's very
outdated outdated at this point it's
over two months old I would say I really
did enjoy Neda ting this one even though
it is making me miss university a lot so
thank you so much I hope you're having a
lovely day and I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]